they were doing the photo shoot of their wedding but not
they knew they were being watched by some really special guests and it was the
professional photographer francesco bianconi in developing images have
given a strange shape that stood out in the blue the spouses set in the
green wheat campaign essential to the outline of a flying object discarding the
first hypotheses such as that of a camera failure remained only the
more imaginative but the one that at the moment appears the most beautiful style July 13th
2010 in a ceremony
going to be married
in a place resumed in Albinia
the country villa
spinoza
% other restore photos
outdoor antenna wedding photo
if when you are sleepy you sleep
a smile.
orthotics sense of the photo on sight of my camera
of a dot behind the bridegrooms
at first thought
that it was about delivering the classic HDMI and digital people problem
all things a sense
immediately afterwards I realize
viewing the photo in detail
is that this white dot had
let's say a species of monkeys
in these conditions it was me I made to note that the food is
completely alessandro there is no one there is no element
to make people understand and show that there is something strange
and this we say the first frame that I made keeping in mind that
with my camera I can do 5 photo shoots women sex
and here here is the second image where to buy
points cost
up to the risks this little one.
to like a monkey
meter note one thing that here were the 8 lotus drawing entrepreneur
afterwards as time was little discussion between ahem restaurant
I fertilize are the states always in the same position according to all click
yahoo o
situated
that the quaestor
this tree the shoulders
subjects
immediately after
the second after
I only change the frame and I tilt it a little and it appears
ciccio
shaft shaft
another object
and now
counteracting some easy images
you can see very well
a central part
itc I love these 4
s4 let's call them so wings
second when in the pictures office a lot
I saw the inclination of the
of the vertical health of this object
it the fundamental thing with the naked eye
looking up, no one retires
es an emilia stain
consequently no noise was heard
it was something that the camera is demonstrating
and therefore
film would seem
unidentified object
when I returned to the studio
I put the photos on the computer doing these contrast operations for
better visualize the object
recommended these shots
at the ufological center of turin
tow immediately after these sales via high schools
someone who
of the experts of the case
the answer was wille
making me fill out a silmarillion yahoo.it information
the sighting
intel
they replied that they were convoyed
the god sent them
the photos itc programs in original because peones examined by
by some experts
we have made our assessments by a comparison between the photos and the
miniature of a satellite
we realized that there could be a rational explanation for the images
a satellite in orbit perhaps due to a phenomenon of solar reflections
may have been taken up by the lens of the tank top photographer
explanation how these works, but let's leave the question open to
any other interpretation